---
title: PocketHost 0.3.2
date: 2022-10-26T00:00:00.000Z
description: Uncover the latest updates from PocketHost with version 0.3.2, a
  cut above the rest that prioritizes security and efficiency. We've moved the
  PBScript repository for streamlined access and ramped up security so accounts
  must be verified before instance operation. A pivotal step for our NodeJS
  developers.

---

# Overview

---
title: Unleashing PocketHost 0.3.2: A NodeJS Developer's New Best Friend
date: 2022-10-26T00:00:00.000Z
description: With PocketHost version 0.3.2, step into the empowering realm of amplified efficiency and bolstered security. Unearth the might of PBScript — now in a spruced up repository that champions ease of access. Raising the security bar a notch higher, accounts are now mandated to undergo verification before getting the green signal to operate an instance. 

---

Embark on a transformative journey towards enhanced accessibility with the newly migrated PBScript repository. No more hide and seek to find it. Simple, straightforward, just the way a NodeJS wrangler prefers it. With this move, tap into the repository with fewer clicks and more success.

Security slid into our spotlight and decided to take center stage. PocketHost 0.3.2 is a fortress that only permits entrance after stringent account verification. Run an instance? Not until we know you're legit. This safety-first mantra of being 'verified before you're amplified' boosts security while fostering an environment that respects authenticity and protects your creative NodeJS endeavors. Exploit this pivotal notch-up and make your server-side applications impervious to malware henchmen, as you play the melody of efficient coding on the powerful strings of PocketHost. The force is with you, node-wranglers. Craft your masterpiece with PocketHost 0.3.2.


- Migrated PBScript repository to here
- Accounts must now be verified before running an instance
