---
title: PocketHost 0.5.6
date: 2022-12-24T00:00:00.000Z
description: PocketHost 0.5.6 rolls out a game-changing update, ditching Docker
  and introducing PocketBase 0.10.4! Compatible across all your NodeJS
  programming needs, our latest version promises efficiency, stability and
  commitment to keep your coding streamlined and carefree, while you focus on
  what truly matters - your creation.

---

# Overview

---
title: Salutations from PocketHost 0.5.6!
date: 2022-12-24T00:00:00.000Z
description: Unveiling PocketHost 0.5.6, a game-changing episode coming in hot, parting ways with Docker and tying up with PocketBase 0.10.4. Custom-built for all the NodeJS maestros out there, the latest take aims at delivering efficiency and stability. A commitment to streamline your programming sail and free you from hitch, so you can anchor all your focus where it truly belongs – your masterpiece.

---

Unravel PocketHost's latest update which turns the tables effectively. Docker gets a courteous bow out, making room for bigger and better. Now, you dive straight into the core, fine-tuning your projects with increased proficiency and zero distractions.

Embrace the new and upgraded PocketBase 0.10.4. This version offers you unmatched compatibility across all your NodeJS endeavors. It's all-inclusive, reliable, and designed to line-up your coding experience - efficient and carefree.

Consider this as a redefined commitment from PocketHost - a promise to keep your coding streamlined, no distractions, only creativity. Your creations are the stars here; PocketHost 0.5.6 is just the robust rocket fuel propelling them to the skies. So, get ready to celebrate more freedom and fewer hiccups; the new era of NodeJs programming has begun. 

Remember, it's the dawning of a new age in the realms of PocketHost and you're in for a whirl. This step forward is sure to change the game. Buckle up, developers, it's about to get exciting!



- Remove Docker
- PocketBase 0.10.4 update
