---
title: PocketHost 0.8.2
date: 2023-07-15T00:00:00.000Z
description: Discover what's new in PocketHost 0.8.2, the latest maintenance
  release for your favorite zero-config 'PocketBase in the cloud' platform.
  Explore our improved logging, FTP enhancements, database migration cleanup,
  and much more. Stay current and enhance your NodeJS development experience
  with these updates.

---

# Overview

Witness the latest chapter of the PocketHost journey unfold with the release of version 0.8.2. This iteration, a ‘nuts and bolts’ maintenance release, focuses on ensuring your 0-to-60 transition to a live PocketBase instance—with zero-config—is smoother than ever. 

Delve into the enhanced logging system, designed meticulously for in-depth debugging. Let the FTP enhancements streamline your workflow while the database migration cleanup keeps things tidy in the backend. Pointedly, don't miss the refactored 'Danger Zone' UI— it's designed to keep you safe while still living on the edge.

Keen eyes might spot a fix for the ‘unzipper’ package failing on node v18.6.0 that was inconspicuously wreaking havoc during PocketBase version upgrades. On the same note, service templates have undergone precise recalibrations, and the `node` version is now steadfastly locked.

An array of behind-the-scene chores adds robustness while a refactored UpdaterService compliments these under-the-hood improvements. Look out for changes related to the PocketBase service and SQLite patch updates. There’s also the intro of 'stresser' and 'stresser cleanup' for those who love to push the boundaries.

The narrative of PocketHost v0.8.2 is written in its changelog. The numbers speak volumes with 359 GitHub stars, over 2000 registered users, and more than 400 instances active in the past week alone. Dive in and optimize your NodeJS experience with PocketHost 0.8.2.


PocketHost is the zero-config 'PocketBase in the cloud' platform. Thank you for everyone's continued support for this project.

## What's New

This is a maintenance release.

Highlights:

- Fixed PocketBase version upgrade stability - `unzipper` package failing on node v18.6.0
- Improved logging for debugging purposes
- FTP enhancements
- Database migration cleanup
- Refactor Danger Zone UI

## Change log

- enhancement: proxy logging output fix
- chore: logging fixes
- fix: lock node version
- fix: unzipper nodejs incompatibility
- chore: sqlite patch update
- refactor: UpdaterService
- chore: rename pocketbaseService
- fix: service template
- enh: stresser
- enh: stresser cleanup
- fix: restore pb_static in FTP service
- chore: docs cleanup
- enh: FTP support
- enh: breadcrumb fluent logging
- docs: path adjustments
- docs: maintenance mode
- fix: maintenance mode timeout fixed

## Stats and Info

- 359 github stars
- ~2000 registered users
- ~2700 instances created
- ~1.8 million instance invocations to date (# times PocketBase executable has been launched)
- ~400 instances active and used in the past week
