---
title: PocketHost 0.4.2
date: 2022-11-05T00:00:00.000Z
description: Unleash the potential of PocketHost with the latest 0.4.2 update.
  Now, get real-time runtime metrics that display the usage of your instance in
  terms of minutes per month, allowing enhanced project tracking and resource
  management. Level-up your backend development and project efficiency with the
  power of PocketHost.

---

# Overview

---
title: Explore the New Frontier with PocketHost 0.4.2! 
date: 2022-11-05T00:00:00.000Z
description: A game-changer is here in the realm of backend development with PocketHost’s latest 0.4.2 update. Enter a higher dimension of project tracking and resource management with real-time runtime metrics that display your instance usage in minutes per month. Ride the wave of efficiency and potentiate your project performance with this dynamic new feature!

---

Unleash the full potential of your PocketHost instance, and let the numbers do the talking. With the 0.4.2 update, tap into an insightful dashboard that presents real-time runtime metrics offering by-the-minute insights on the usage of your PocketHost instance. Should you desire to render Time Lords redundant, imagine the immense power to manage and architect your ongoing and future projects, knowing exactly how many minutes per month your instances sail in the digital sea. 

Less guesswork, more precision. Decode your projects’ performance with laser-sharp clarity, and take optimisation to never-before-seen levels. It's like gaining a mystical sixth sense for grasping the nuances of your backend developmental processes. Go ahead, give the 0.4.2 update a try and make backend development more of a strategic chess game than a showy firework display. 

Bring it on future, we're armed with facts and stats – PocketHost’s latest 0.4.2 update. The next round of the node.js symphony is here for all you cloud orchestra directors out there. Amplify the rhythm of your backend development projects.



- Runtime metrics now show how many minutes per month an instance has used
