---
title: PocketHost 0.5.2
date: 2022-11-19T00:00:00.000Z
description: Explore the latest updates to PocketHost v0.5.2 - our robust
  hosted backend service for NodeJS developers. This release brings rc3, rc4,
  and 0.8.0-final support, optimizes with yarn deduplication, enhances
  Typescript bootstrapping, and fixes account verification through a
  hard-redirect. Stay in the loop with PocketHost - the one-stop solution for
  smooth deployments.
---

# Overview

---

title: PocketHost 0.5.2: Explore Your Expansive NodeHorizon
date: 2022-11-19T00:00:00.000Z
description: Scale new heights with the latest evolution of PocketHost v0.5.2. The stalwart backend service explicitly crafted for the NodeJS developer that dares to step beyond the ordinary. See what's within the Pandora's box of rc3, rc4, and 0.8.0-final support. Delve into yarn optimization with deduplication, unravel enhanced TypeScript bootstrapping, and tackle the account verification fix that packs a punch with a hard-redirect. Ready for the journey? Let's hit the road with PocketHost - your one-stop solution to seamless deployments!

---

Kicking off with the heavy-duty stuff, PocketHost v0.5.2 now embraces support for rc3, rc4, and 0.8.0-final. A powerful combo sure to satisfy even the most ambitious coders.

Next, let's talk optimisation. Yarn's reputation as a quick and secure dependency manager goes hand in hand with PocketHost's ethos. By introducing deduplication in this release, PocketHost has achieved the hitherto elusive feat of a leaner, more efficient build pipeline.

Typescript's static type-checking capacity adds a layer of reliability that JavaScript can't provide. Enhancing TypeScript bootstrapping, therefore, brings you the power of early error-detection while keeping improvements manageable between versions, ensuring faster, more efficient deployments.

Finally, the cherry on top - unraveling a longstanding fix. The account verification process now incorporates a hard-redirect, curing any associated validation hiccups. Be bulletproof, be trustworthy. Let the PocketHost 0.5.2 update make deployments a cinch, freeing you to focus on what truly matters - creating outstanding applications.

- chore: rc3, rc4, 0.8.0-final support
- chore: dedupe yarn
- Fix: Account verification needs to hard-redirect
- chore: improved bootstrap TS support
